Tranquil Master (UA)
Most monks don't achieve the power of an adventurer due to their virtues of peace, forgiveness, and reconciliation. Some of them, however, become powerful as a result of these attributes, rather than despite them.

Tranquil Master
Medium humanoid (any race), any alignment

Armor Class 14
Hit Points 88 (16d8 + 16)
Speed 40 ft.
STR	DEX	CON	INT	WIS	CHA
10 (+0)	14 (+2)	12 (+1)	10 (+0)	14 (+2)	14 (+2)
Skills Performance +4, Persuasion +4
Senses passive Perception 12
Languages any one language
Challenge 2 (450 XP)
Diplomat. The master has advantage on Charisma (Persuasion) checks made to calm violent emotions or to counsel peace.

Healing Pool. The master has a pool of 20 hit points it can draw from to use its Healing Hands action. It replenishes the pool when it completes a long rest.

Unarmored Defense. While the master isn't wearing armor, its armor class includes its Wisdom modifier.

Actions
Multiattack. The master makes three attacks with its Unarmed Strike, or it makes two attacks with its Unarmed Strike then uses its Healing hands.

Unarmed Strike. Melee Weapon Attack: +4 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. Hit: 4 (1d4 + 2) bludgeoning damage.

Calming Touch. The master touches a creature that is at its hit point maximum. The creature must succeed on a DC 12 Wisdom saving throw or lose its ability to attack for 1 minute. During that period, it also cannot cast spells that deal damage or that force a target to make a saving throw. The effect ends if the target is attacked, takes damage, or is forced to make a saving throw.

Healing Hands. The master touches a willing creature. The target regains a number of hit points of the master's choice, drawn from its Healing Pool. Alternatively, the master can spend 5 hit points from its pool to cure one disease or one poison afflicting the target.